{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone 					
\b Dragon Egg User Manual
\b0 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone                                   \
\ul Description:\ulnone \
The purpose of this game is to find your eggs and flee the castle. You are a dragon\
 who starts out with no abilities outside of a massive castle . You are allowed to go\
 every direction  but to proceed you must continue to go north into the castle and\
find your eggs. In certain area's going east or west will end you in a place where \
you find a ability.  Always remember the goal is to get your eggs and fly away \
thats the main purpose of this game.  The only way you can lose is if you  entered \
15 rooms using go :north,east,west, and south going back doesnt count towards this total.\
 There is a room count provided.  \
\
\ul Rules\
\ulnone There aren't really any rules just use the commands correctly . How commands are used is\
 provided below in the command section. If it has a parenthesis it tells you what info goes\
after the initial command.  \
\ul \
How To Play\
\ulnone Go a cardinal direction \
Can go back at anytime by pressing back\
Ability can be dropped in any room\
if a door is closed can either be opened or destroyed but if locked can only be destroyed\
\
\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Winning\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone The way you win is pickup eggs and FlyAway.\
\
\ul Losing\ulnone \
Spending too much time going back and forth in to rooms and count reaching 15 and you lose.\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Commands:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ulnone Back:
\b0  Allows you to go back a room \

\b Pickup
\b0 (abilityName): Allows the player to pick up an ability and attach it\

\b Open
\b0 (direction): Allows the user to open a unlocked closed door\

\b FlyAway
\b0 : It\'92s how you exit the game after winning works if haven\'92t won as well. \

\b Attack(
\b0 abilityName): Can be used to attack \

\b Drop(
\b0 abilityName):  Allows the player to drop the ability in a room\

\b Destroy
\b0 (direction):  Allows the user to destroy a closed locked door\

\b abilities:
\b0  Shows the users attached abilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 FlyBack
\b0 (Int,abilityName,) allows user to go back a certain number of times pickup an ability and attack with it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ~Built Spring Semester 2017 ~ Object Oriented Design Course  by Darius Little\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}